Wei Gong, you may not know the general feelings of the Jiang family
He's my father.
All these years he has been training me
It's tougher on me.
But he was a really good father.
You can't let him have no place in Pingcheng.
When your mother said he was a good husband
Now you're saying he's a good father
Is it really me who is prejudiced against him?
Look at Xiao Can's face
Withdraw termination contract
Comrades cooperate with the Jiang family under the best conditions
Thank you foreign, hahaha.
Dad, I have passed down my family to Baosheng Jinyu Ruyi
Sent to Huacan Group to apologize
Mr. Lu Sisi Lu has also accepted it
Coming soon.
Hey, Mr. Lu
Mr. Lu
Mr. Jiang
Huacan Group had some misunderstandings about Jiang Jia before
As an apology
Huacan Group decided to give 50% profit
The effect of cooperating with Jiangjia on land development in the east of the city
What Huacan Group is willing to give 50%
Cooperate with us in Jiangjiang to develop the east part of the city
Notify Baodi
The contract has been brought.
It coincides with the birthday of the young master of the Jiang family
Sign the contract directly for the project
Happy every day
Happy cooperation.
Happy cooperation
Happy cooperation hahaha dad
Let's talk about this project
At least 300 million
Dad, here comes the trash
The contract of the cost-effective group has been received.
We'll pack up in a while